Konzentix:


1) what are different executive modes in spark?
	client vs cluster 
2) hive client and hive server   beeline connection url
3) write a simple UDF in hive
4) what are different ways to create a tables in hive ?
5) spark -Submit Command
6) What is Maven,Sbt 
7) group and Co-group
8) difference between yarn cluster and  
9) Differences between UDF and UDAF

			DELOITE QUESTIONS


1) How can we use join in cassandra?
2) What is the difference between spark 1 and spark 2?
3) What is the difference between dataframe and dataset?
4) What is the major and minor compaction in HBase?
5) What is partitioner is Map Reduce?
6) What is the difference between Yarn and Map Reduce?
7) What is the difference between partitioning and bucketing in hive?
 dynamic vs static partition

diff row formats and column formats?
why parquet is better (than orc)?

8) Which scala version u r using?
9) Which spark version u r using?
8) What is window and sliding interval in spark streaming?
9) How to convert Dataframe to RDD?
10)What are performance tuning u did in ur project?
11)Size of cluster u r using?
12)How much data daily u r getting?

                 	 Kogentix Hyderabad 

1) They started with tell me about ur profile. 					                                                                                      2) Draw the latest project outline and explain. 										
3) From our explanation, they start with questioning. 				
4) He asked me about which data ingestion tools u used. I said SQOOP. 		
5) Then he asked how u using incremental load in importing data in SQOOP. 	
6) From which database u are importing data. 
7) How many data daily u are getting. 						
8) How many node clusters u have.						 
9) From how many years previous data is there. 				
10) What is the per node configuration in ur cluster? 				

11) Which Spark version u are using. 						
12) Which distribustion u are using with version. 				
13) What is the difference between RDD and Dataframe? 				
14) RDD operations.
actons and transformations -> job/stage/task
wide dependency vs narrow dependency 								
15) Write some preprocessing steps in Spark. 					
16) How to convert RDD into Dataframe. 						
17) Write some Dataframe operations. 						
18) Write some complex Dataframe operations. 					
19) After writing those operations he is asking who told u to implement these in ur team. 									
20) How many members in ur team. 						
21) Is there Devop engineer in ur team. 					
22) He asked how we apply Hive UDF in Spark. 					
23) Dataframe is very Hot topic in my interview.(I think he worked more on SparkSQL).									 
24) Which Flume Source type you used in ur project. 				
25) Explain Flume flow.(Actually he has very great knowledge on Flume). 	
26) How to create partition table. 						
27) How to load data in Hive Dynamically. 					
28) Then its time of Performance Tuning, He asked me how u did performance tuning in ur project. (In Spark project, i.e  how to set executor-memory options in spark-submit) 							
29) Difference between Parquate and Avro file format. 				
30) How we will use in Hive.							 
31) Write any scala code u written in ur project. 				
32) Finally question why u wants to switch the job.  

			IBM
Hive varaible 
Object inspector
Cosildation in hive
Mapreduce n YARN difference
Spark n mapreduce difference
RDD n data frames in spark
Sqoop import 
Hive views
Hive external n managed
HBase n Hive differences
Orderby,sortby n clustered by vs distribute by
Speculative execution
Alter column command in hive

IBM interview questions on 01-03-2017

What is lazy evaluation in pig?
What is dynamic partition and static partition in hive?
What is the use of partitions and bucketing in hive?
Explain the flow of mapreduce program?
What is default partition in mapreduce and how can we override it?
What is difference between key class and value class in mapreduce?
What is the level of sub queries in hive?
What is transformation and action in spark?

			INFOSYS

1)what is fair schedular

 Fair scheduling is a method of assigning resources to jobs such that all jobs get, on average, an equal share of resources over time. When there is a single job running, that job uses the entire cluster. ... The fair scheduler organizes jobs into pools, and divides resources fairly between these pools.

2)what is serde

SerDe is short for Serializer/Deserializer. Hive uses the SerDe interface for IO. ... A SerDe allows Hive to read in data from a table, and write it back out to HDFS in any custom format. Anyone can write their own SerDe for their own data formats.

3)about parquet

Apache Parquet is a columnar storage format available to any project in the Hadoop ecosystem, regardless of the choice of data processing framework, data model or programming language.

4)how to find out the third highest salary

1 ;select name , salary From (
    select name, salary from 
    employee sort by salary desc limit 3)
    result sort by salary limit 1;

2:select name, salary
from (
  select name
    , salary
    , row_number() over (partition by country order by salary desc) idx
  from employee ) x
where idx = 3


5)about sqoop incremental imports
6) what is sparkinmemory technique
7)types of inmemory computing 
8)Project flow
 9)what is the role of your project
10)how to load the data from rdbms to nosql databases

				SRIKANTH
what is context object
custom partitioner in map reduce
which case you can use HBase
What are the components in HBase
what is increment in HBase
Difference b/w Hive and HBase
What is Standard location path 
How to handle log objects in sqoop

			MANGESH QUESTIONS
what is companion object in scala
what is auxillary constructor in scala
what is traits in scala
reduceByKey and GroupByKey difference and which is better
spark streaming ------countByValue and window in scala 
what is difference between concurrency and parallelism
What is options in scala
What is Nil in scala
What is Some in scala
And other question are same as previous.

				ORACLE HADOOP
1 what is the RSA key in mapreduce
2 partitioner in mapreduce
3 ls which side map side or reduce side
4 any transaction in hive
5 big data follow etl or elt
6 rowid in hbase
7 map reduce on hbase
8 how to write singleton class in java,singletonscala,relared singleton questions in scala
9 imprerative vs functional programing importance of functional
10 spark to cassandra and cassandra to spark
